aloha and welcome to Katie a kitchens
I'm chef Michi and today I'm going to
show you how to make Vietnamese style
pork patty pita sandwiches let's start
with the ingredients for our ingredients
today the pork patties we're going to
use ground pork some ginger garlic sweet
chili sauce minced water chestnuts some
sliced green onion and cilantro or
Chinese parsley and then we're going to
make a really nice sauce with fat-free
Greek yogurt some low-fat mayonnaise she
racha sweet chili sauce and again green
onions then when we make our pita
sandwiches we're going to use some
Japanese cucumber shallots shredded
cabbage and fresh mint leaves and these
are all going to go in our whole wheat
pita pockets so let's get started we're
going to start off by making the pork
patties we're just going to combine all
these ingredients together you've got
the pork this fresh ginger and the
garlic just adds such a nice flavor in
there sweet chili sauce it all just goes
together and we're going to blend it and
then we're going to make the patties the
water chestnuts add a nice little crunch
in there the green onions and the
cilantro they add green as well as some
flavor so all we do now actually is just
you want to kind of mix it around you
can you can mix it for a bit with your
spoon but to be honest you really do
need to get in there and because it's
raw pork I am going to put some gloves
on that'll just give me a good chance to
blend all of that together if you don't
have gloves again you can use your bare
hands just make sure after to wash your
hands very thoroughly with warm water
and soap so you don't want to over over
mix this just kind of lightly mix
everything together there and we're
going to make little patties you want to
grab about size of a walnut
and roll it into a ball I've already pre
sprayed this pan right here with some
cooking spray and that'll allow the
patties to not stick also helps them to
brown a little bit so we're going to
create a lot of these little patties and
then we're going to put them into a 350
degree oven will be baking them for 15
minutes on one side then we're going to
just flip them over for another 10
minutes so both sides will get nice and
brown so now that the patties are all
portioned out I'm going to put them in
the oven now while the pork patties are
cooking we're going to make our sauce
for our pita sandwiches I like to use
the fat-free Greek yogurt this is a
really nice way to make a beautiful
sauce it doesn't have all the calories
of mayonnaise I mix the yogurt with the
mayonnaise and all that flavor just
permeates into the yogurt and you've got
a lighter sauce it's just a little trick
that I like to use I'm going to add some
si si racha I do like that spicy
goodness some sweet chili and green
onions this adds color flavor just mix
this sauce together these are going to
go into the peat as it gives it a little
moisture and a lot of flavor it's going
to go perfect with those vietnamese pork
patties so we've just taken the
vietnamese pork patties out of the oven
they're beautifully browned on both
sides because we did flip them part way
through that just helps both sides to
get nicely browned so for the Assembly
of these pita sandwiches you just take a
pita and I like to layer it so that it's
easy to eat and all the flavors are
going to kind of meld together you want
to start off with a little cabbage
that's kind of the bed it's going to
hold that pork patty in there you want
to put about 2 / poor pita
to open this up a little more then
you're going to put some sauce right
onto that patty these are fairly quick
to make so it's a quick meal super
crunchy and healthy some cucumber the
fresh mint is just beautiful and a
little bit of shallots and then we're
going to keep assembling all these
sandwiches and I can't wait to try one
now is my favorite part i'm just going
to take a little taste
mmm
that is delicious the pork patty with
the sauce the crunchy cucumber and the
mint all goes so well together this
would pair really great with a sparkling
rose a for this recipe and more please
visit katie a super stores com / recipes
thank you for joining me at kta kitchens
I'm chef Michi Aloha
you